Shh!
Come.
Well, we're almost to the
Wetherby estate, gang.
It sure is nice of Sharon to ask
us up here for the weekend.
There's so many groovy things to do.
Yeah, like swimming and eating, and
tennis and eating, and riding and eating...
and eating and... Huh?
How do you like that?
Hey, look up there.
Jeepers, someone's going
into that old mansion.
Like, wow.
Who'd do a kooky thing like that?
I don't know.
Gee, it's sure good to see all of you.
But I hope this wasn't the wrong
weekend for you to come up here.
- Why's that, Sharon?
- Well, the last few nights...
we've been hearing
a lot of strange noises.
And now it looks like
my Uncle Stuart has vanished.
Could it have been him we saw
going into that old mansion?
You mean the Kingston mansion?
Maybe we'd better go up there and see.
Uh-uh!
Uncle Stuart? Uncle Stuart?
Like, you know,
there's no sign of him anywhere.
Look, someone's in the shadows.
Uncle Stuart.
He's become an old man.
What happened, Stuart?
It started when a ghostly voice
called out from the old mansion.
I had to obey it.
It drew me out of the house.
I was in a trance.
I went past the Kingston mausoleum...
and finally into the old mansion.
And there is where I saw
the ghost of Elias Kingston.
The Wetherby fortune belongs to me.
Unless it is returned to this
mansion before morning...
the entire family shall suffer
this terrible fate.
That's when he made me an old man,
as a warning to you all.
What are we going to do?
First of all, I'm going
to call the sheriff.
That's strange. The phone's dead.
Why don't you go get the sheriff,
Mr. Wetherby. We'll wait here.
We'll keep an eye on Uncle Stuart
until you get back.
- Are you sure you'll be all right?
- Sure.
And just to make sure nothing
else happens...
we'll all take turns standing guard.
Who's gonna stand the first watch?
Who else? The watchdog.
Right. The watchdog.
- That's me?
- That's right. That's you.
Just think, Scooby, no ghostly voice
will get past your keen sense of hearing.
Huh?
That old hard-of-hearing trick
isn't gonna work tonight, Scooby.
Come.
Where'd he go?
Hey, what's with the bugle call, Scooby?
Uh-oh. It looks like
Uncle Stuart's gone again.
He's not the only one.
Sharon's gone too.
But, like, where?
We'd better get ourselves
up to that old mansion.
And fast.
I don't see any sign of Sharon,
Uncle Stuart or the ghost.
Like, maybe we're in luck and
he's out haunting another house.
Say, what have you got on your feet,
roller skates?
- Why are you wearing those silly things?
- I'm not taking any chances.
If we do see that ghost,
he'll never catch me.
Come on, let's keep looking.
I wonder if ghosts can hide in little pots.
I guess not.
Yipe! Woah! Woah!
Scooby-Doo!
Ah!
Oh, boy, oh, boy.
GHOST
Psst. Psst!
Wow. How soggy can a guy get?
If there's one thing I can't stand,
it's taking a bath in a haunted house.
Whether you know it or not, Scooby,
you found our first clue.
I did?
Sure. Who ever heard of a ghost needing
a watchdog to scare anybody away?
Like, you mean there isn't any ghosts?
Well, I haven't seen any. Yet.
And we haven't seen
Sharon or her uncle either.
Hey, was Uncle Stuart wearing
a blue suit, red tie and tennis shoes?
Yeah, when we last saw him.
Then I think we found him.
Only he looks a little older now.
Wow. I guess that ghost
wasn't kidding.
That's just about as old as you can get.
It sure would help
if we could find another clue.
Uh-huh. I found one.
- Groovy. What is it?
- Him.
It's the ghost!
Ghost?
This is the last warning.
Either the fortune is here by morning...
or all those in the Wetherby house
shall grow old.
Now go.
Wowwy. Old Horrible really said
a frightful mouthful.
- But we're not gonna let that scare us.
- We're not?
No, Shaggy.
We're gonna solve this mystery.
Hey, where's Scooby? Uh-oh.
I bet he's in that closet.
"Out to lunch." Can you imagine?
Yeah, with Scooby,
I wouldn't be surprised.
How do you like that?
He didn't even invite me.
Hey, that was the ghost.
Yeah, he went into the mausoleum.
Come on, let's see what he's up to.
Okay, Shaggy. Use Velma's
fingerprinting kit and dust for prints.
Right, Freddy. I'll give it
the old Sherlock Holmes touch.
Like, wow. Look at all them fingerprints.
Not my hand, silly. That door.
Freddy, we got something.
Just as I thought. Fingerprints.
Wait a minute.
Ghosts wouldn't leave fingerprints.
- Like, maybe he can turn into a bat.
- Don't be silly.
Okay, Scooby, go in there
and sniff around for that ghost.
Uh-uh. Uh-uh!
- Would you do it for a Scooby Snack?
- Uh-uh.
I'll give you one. How about two?
Three. Four?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'll go.
Scooby-Dooby-Doo!
Like, there's times I'll do anything
for a Scooby Snack.
It's okay. Come on in.
- There's no ghost in here.
- Well, we know he came in.
There's something on that table.
Hey, this might be a clue.
A book on crystalomacy.
Crystal O'Macy?
I used to know a Crystal Nerdlinger.
It's not a girl, silly. It's a book
about how to use a crystal ball.
- You mean the kind a fortuneteller uses?
- Right.
Say, there's an old swami place in town.
Maybe there's some kind
of a connection.
Zoinks, the door!
Hey, we're locked in.
Well, let's hope there's
a secret way out of here.
Start tapping on the walls.
Hey. Like, what happened to Scooby?
He was right there a second ago.
Huh?
It's a secret passage.
You did it, Scooby.
You found the way out.
I did?
Well, Scooby-Dooby-Doo!
That secret passage
was a shortcut to the Wetherby estate.
I wonder if it has anything to do
with Sharon's disappearance.
I don't know. But maybe we'll find
the answer here at the swami's place.
It looks like the swami's
out swami-ing somewhere else.
Then I guess he won't mind
if we take a look around.
I wonder what's in here.
Daphne, not the storage closet.
Well, Daphne, you did it again.
Uh-oh. Like, someone's coming.
Yoo-hoo. Swami. Oh, Swami.
Oh, there you are.
- Oh, no. A customer.
- And she thinks Scooby's the swami.
Shaggy, you better throw your voice
and make Scooby sound like a swami.
- Yeah, I better.
- Mr. Swami, I have something to ask you.
Good evening. Please be seated.
Oh, swami, tell me, what do you see
in the crystal ball?
- My reflection.
- Your reflection? My word.
No, wait. I see a tall,
handsome man in your future.
And you're dancing together
cheek to cheek.
Now he's whispering something to you.
- He is? What is the dear boy saying?
- "Get off my foot."
Enough of this. I want my palm read.
Yes, ma'am.
You did say "red."
How dare you!
How about that? All that advice
and she didn't even pay us a dime.
I hope that's the end
of the customers for a while.
Okay, gang. Let's get on
with our investigation.
Hey, look.
The table's floating.
Zoinks! It's the gooney ghost!
You did not do as I said.
Now you shall pay.
Hey, look out! Duck!
It's after us!
Here it comes again.
I've heard of flying saucers,
but this is silly.
Run. Run. Run.
We got rid of it.
We did?
Then, like, what's that?
- He's a real joker.
- I'm not laughing.
Duck!
Look out, Scooby!
Huh?
Scooby caught the table.
Man, this flew like it was jet-propelled.
You mean like fan-propelled.
See? A fan-type motor underneath
gave it the power.
Are you okay, Scooby?
Huh? I'm okay.
Hey, look, suitcases.
Maybe somebody just moved in.
Then let's move out.
And look what I found.
A professional makeup kit.
And what's that?
It looks like a TV camera.
You're right, Shaggy.
Yeah. It's a miniature TV camera.
Hey, smile, Scooby.
That's how the ghost got
on the crystal ball.
Closed-circuit TV.
See, Scooby?
That's how you look on TV.
What a ham.
- Well, we got a lot of clues.
- Huh?
- We do?
- She's right.
Enough clues to turn the tables
on that ghost.
Now, here's what we're gonna do.
Yoo-hoo, Mr. Ghost!
I'm here with the fortune. Yoo-hoo!
- Noe-hoe!
- Uh-oh.
Ah, good. You brought the fortune.
How fortunate for you.
Stay until I see with my own eyes.
It's a trick.
I'II turn you to bones!
The plan's working, Scooby.
- You can't get away!
- Quick, get behind the curtain.
Scooby, I hope the ghost doesn't find us.
OW!
Perfecto. I got my shoes,
now let's join the gang.
I can hear the ghost coming.
Get ready for phase two.
- All set, Shaggy?
- Yeah. Let's go.
- He's in the hall.
- Turn on the projector.
Stop, or I'll mummify you!
Wait. Hold it.
This place is really haunted.
Now watch what he does when he
sees the tape of you, Scooby.
Yeah.
Oh, no!
That does it.
It's working, Sharon.
He's going into the secret
room, where he had me tied up.
Well, Miss Sharon, I still have you,
and the fortune shall yet be mine...
How did that get here?
Let me out of here.
Here he comes.
Golly, he's running
like a ghost was after him.
- Now. Throw it!
- Bombs away!
I guess that about wraps up
the ghost story.
Scooby-Dooby-Doo!
Mr. Wetherby, this ghost really
doesn't need any introduction.
As soon as we clean him up...
I'm sure you'll recognize him.
There. Look familiar?
- Uncle Stuart.
- Like, in person.
He thought he could scare you
into giving up the family fortune.
That ghostly wailing
was only a recording.
And by a clever use of makeup,
he made himself look old.
When I came downstairs to investigate a
noise, I saw Uncle Stuart's wig blow off.
- I knew he wasn't old.
- So he had to take you prisoner.
But where does the swami come in?
What better way
for a swindler to disappear?
Uncle Stuart, why did you do it?
Well, I guess he can explain it
to the sheriff when he gets here.
- I bet you kids are starving.
- Groovy.
Zoinks, that's for me.
Hey, what's this?
"Scooby-Doo was here."
The whole turkey? Gone?
Scooby-Dooby-Doo!
Shh!